# Veronika decides to live

## Apocalypse now

EXT - on street in Gaza - Day

(devastation - partially or fully demolished building - heat and smoke)

## Life goes on

EXT - LJUBLYANA - NIGHT

VERONIKA & EDUARD 

(are woken up by a police: police man and police woman)

POLICEMAN

You can go to the town hall to shelter yourself. 

BLEND IN / QUICK ROLL

(quick roll of the events of the past night from escape till now)

EDUARD

She... she's dead. 

VERONIKA

What's going on?

EDUARD

Nothing.

(helping Veronika to her feet)

Or actually everything. You're alive. Tell me, how fucking amazing is that?

(Or rather a miracle happened: it's another day of life. - original version
from the book) 

VERONIKA

Well, that sucks.

What shall we do next?

EDUARD

(jokingly)

Let’s get married and have children.

FADE OUT

TITLE = "Some time later"

Eduard's paintings "sudenly" starting to sell

(his influential parents pulled the strings)

Infinite money glitch happened / discovered

Eduard is very down to Earth and knows / assumes / has a hunch that the money
glitch won't be forever 

His parents' influence in Eduard's money savvy-ness i.e. him being money-wise

(Matroskin cat mentality - I'll save)

BLEND-IN

(scene on TV from the cartoon "
[Трое из Простоквашино](https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%A2%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%B5_%D0%B8%D0%B7_%D0%9F%D1%80%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%BE%D0%BA%D0%B2%D0%B0%D1%88%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%BE)
")

Matroskin cat on the bench saying: "I will save"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK8af0m4HpA

Veronika starts writing

**What's next**

January 1999 Move to Switzerland, Bern (Eduard's paintings are suddenly selling
there)

February 1999 Birth of the boy

Veronika's writing career takes off

They (Veronika & Eduard) become VERY wealthy

## Preparing for India

to display struggle of getting visa

Embassy in Vienna

Getting ALL documents

Getting there

\\ INT - Indian Embassy / Consulate VIENNA - DAY

(Interview)

EMBASSY / CONSULATE CLERK

Why do you want 6 months visa?

VERONIKA

You have a beautiful country

(Moving around the city - sightseeing; stopping at a cafe or restaurant to
breastfeed the boy and eat)

(Return into the hotel at dark)

INT - Hotel room - NIGHT

(Veronika breastfeeds the boy and both fall asleep with the baby still sucking
on the breast)

FADE OUT

NEXT DAY - SLOW FADE IN

(to still sleeping Veronika and boy; they gradually wake up; Veronika
breastfeeds the boy)

INT - Breakfast room - MORNING

(friendly chit-chat with some breakfast table neighbors)

INT - Indian consulate - DAY

(Getting the passport back with the issued visa)

(Veronika holds passport and opens it to check the accuracy)

CAMERA SHOT INTO THE PASSPORT OPENED DISPLAYING INDIAN VISA 

- - -
EXT - Outside of Embassy - DAY

VERONIKA

(angrily)

Fuck!

(going back to the gates)

There is a mistake. 

It's not my family name. 

EMBASSY GUARD

Ma..am, you need to come tomorrow again. 

Do we want to go the path of the visa issued with an error, you have to come
tomorrow; strong emotional reaction of Veronika, time needed to correct the
visa, another night in hotel, etc

???

- - -
OC

What doesn't kill us, makes us stronger...

After she has packed everything and put boy to bed, she came into Eduard's
studio.... 

VO (*in Veronika voice*)

Normal women, who breastfeed usually lose their libido during the breastfeeding
time - not me though, my libido actually became amplified

parting sex (**which was initiated by Veronika**) will conceive their daughter

## India

(entry New Delhi November 1999)

DATE / PLACE DISPLAY ON SCR.

November 1999, New Delhi

New Delhi 

North India

Agra

Lucknow

Mumbai

Chennai

Puducherry

Varkala

some persistent interest from a male over several days

INT - some restaurant overlooking ocean - DAY

(Veronika and male have a conversation, while Veronika breastfeeds the boy)

INT - Veronika's hotel room - SAME DAY

kiss scene 

He starts gently undress her

She plays with his hair

sudden vomit reaction (Veronika)

Veronika runs into the bathroom

the male being the gentlemen leaves while she is still in the bathroom

(so she discovers that she is pregnant)

(Emotional break down)

FADE OUT

EXT - Outside of the hotel - NEXT DAY

(Took Took is there - leaving for Kochi - drive to the train station)

VO (*in Veronika voice*)

It is heavy enough with one child

and now there is a second one growing in my belly

CONT'D VO (*in Veronika voice*)

shall I make an abortion?\\ No one would know about that

(What stops her from having that abortion?

What stops her from having abortion in the end?)

VO (*in Veronika voice*)

\\ I almost killed myself once...

How can I cancel the life which doesn't truly belong to me? Should I not leave
that decision to the child?

(India can be VERY overwhelming and so can be unexpected pregnancy, when
combined they lead one to the state of deep despair)

Eduard comes to India for support and they go to Goa: first Agonda and then
Arambol 

and then return to Switzerland

**Some years of life**

Switzerland and all it's rules are suffocating

Move to UK

New broader market for Eduard

Better writing reach for Veronika

birth of daughter

EPISODE

INT - BEDROOM - NIGHT\\ \\ (showing screams and tuntrums of the baby girl and
exhausted Veronika)

Beginning of the TV career

some years later

## Spain, here I come

(work)

May 2004 - Spain, Madrid

Madrid

Zaragoza

Barcelona

Valencia

Granada

Marbella

Giblartar

Seville

Cordoba

Madrid

INT - hotel room - NIGHT

News on TV\\ (Slovenia joined EU)

## Some years of life

some years later

## South-East Asia

(work)

Bangkok

North Thailand

### Journey into friendship with cold begins.

\\ EXT - North Thailand - NIGHT

VO (in Veronika voice)

It supposed to be warm in tropical countries – however being here in December
in the North of Thailand has brought the memories of North India.

EPISODE

EXT - North India - NIGHT

(flashback to the time when Veronika was in the North India)

(Veronika is having warm clothes in the mountains of North India)

CONT'D VO (in Veronika voice)

It's fucking great that we left for India in November, when it was already
pretty cold in Slovenia, otherwise we would be freezing our bones here.

EXT - North Thailand - NIGHT

CONT'D VO (in Veronika voice)

Somehow I didn't know that it would be the same in Thailand.

(If you cannot beat them, join them or in my case it was if you cannot beat it,
get accustomed to it, make yourself friends with it, and this is exactly where
and how my journey into making friend with cold has started. Ironically in a
very warm tropical country.)

It's good that we flew here in December and had our warm clothes with us.

CONT'D VO (in Veronika voice)

My whole life is an absolute irony of my choices, of me making those choices
and living with them.

EXT - PATH UP THE MOUNTAIN - MORNING

(Veronika went for a run and a swim in a cold-ish mountain lake)

- - -
(Decision to “become friends with cold” despite tropical latitude — internal
paradox established.)

(work)

Laos

Cambodia

Malaysia

Singapore

Vietnam

**One, two, three - we go swimming**

Training with Wim Hoff

## Iceland

swimming in ice-cold waters alone

(work)

now when I swam alone, I can do it on camera, as well

## Wild wild everything

(work)

Entering US in Alaska and going down the south of the continent 

FLY-INS

(of the city names with Veronika staying in front of the camera at different
locations and reporting from the places)

Alaska

Washington (state) - Seattle

Oregon - Portland

California (SF & LA)

Las Vegas

Chicago

Boston

New York

Washington (DC)

Florida

Texas

what else to show here?\\ Grand Canyon?

Children see her mother more on TV than at home in person

## Latin America

(holidays - time off work)

Mexico

Auyaska experience

**Some years of life**

some years later

## India again

New Delhi

North India

Chennai

Auroville

viper bite

## Rush for life

Auroville clinique

coma & return to Slovenia

## Now - it’s time to live

Now - it’s time to live without fear

it doesn't matter how long one lives if one lives a happy and fulfilling life

## Last chapter

EXT - on street in Gaza - DAY

speaks in Arabic to children she wants to lead to shelter

CONT'D EXT - on street in Gaza - DAY

(devastation - partially or fully demolished building - heat and smoke)

